WIP: Add Maintenance Window Content (#558)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/administration/pages/maintenance-window.adoc

[[maintenance-window]]
= Maintenance Window Checklist

> If you work on a system with scheduled maintenance windows, you might find it difficult to remember all the things that you need to during that critical downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you work on a {productname} Server with scheduled maintenance windows, you might find it difficult to remember all the things that you need to during that critical downtime.
```

This section contains a checklist for your maintenance window, with links to further information on performing each of the steps, if you need it.

> . Stop services.

Reviewer: Do we want to single out special services such as "spacewalk services"?  Of course, if you work on a system it is always good if you stop as many services as possible.

Author: The original had "SAP and databases", but when I thought about it, it's highly dependent on what you have running. Perhaps a general statement, though?

> . Check if the configuration is still correct, and apply the highstate.

Reviewer: applying highstate only makes sense if you maintain the suma server with Salt tool.

. Apply the latest updates.
See xref:upgrade:server-upgrade.adoc[].
. Update to the latest service pack, if required.
See xref:upgrade:sp-migration.adoc[].

> . Reboot the server.

Reviewer: That's "safe", but not always necessary. You can even update (parts of) the kernel with live patching.

Author: Agreed, but it's probably best to mention it.

> . Check if the configuration is still correct, and apply the highstate.

Reviewer: about highstate, see above.
